TOPIC

    about_cTyPS_Release_Notes

SHORT DESCRIPTION

    This module helpfile contains notes related to releases and dev work.

NOTES

    11.26.22CV - Game is now starting to become more game like. Logic to tie together
    buildings and population gives a feeling of strategy. Need to tie together 
    residential buildings as well. At some point will need to tie in other cTy's in
    the region though some other concept dev work needs to take place first. Like
    the ability to save/load cTy's. Thinking default save location to be user's pwsh
    module directory. Should also think about save structure, need to consider pwsh
    base install conditions, no sql or such like. I'll probably just encrypt JSON
    in some generic way and leave it at that.
        Deleting cTy's also presents some interesting conditions. Requires reindex
    of region array. I could bypass this with some creative thinking to track last
    used cTy and default to that, but I like the challenge.
        Hopefully game will actually be fun to play in the future, ha!
    
    09.26.23CV - I spent the past year working on a Python project which has finally
    been wrapped up.  I'm excited to retun to Powershell development and my pet
    project.

    01.04.24CV - I've been banging my head against a seemingly small behavior in how 
    Powershell's Format-Table cmdlet works. I'm trying to add a 'production' section 
    to the cTy output as part of an industry expansion I'm adding. The goal is a 
    table that lists the kind and amount being produced. Powershell's group object
    function does alot of the hardwork for this and to get a pretty table I pipe it
    to be formatted. 
        Powershell then adds an extra blank new line before and after the
    data ouput. All attempts to counter this behavior have been unsuccessful and led
    me to an issue report (https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues/15779) where
    the lead engineer for powershell development posted a reply indicating removing the
    extra new lines is not an easy ask due to how the formatting works.
        That means I'll need to develop my own method for displaying this data on the
    cTy details screen.